this hearing is being followed closely
in the occupied Palestinian territories
in Israel our correspondents are
following reaction across the region
hard Hamid is in rala TK abum is in Rafa
in southern Gaza first we're going to go
to sakarat in t Aviv so in the sort of
minutes or so immediately after the the
hearing ended there wasn't a great deal
of reaction from Israel but I understand
we're getting more lines that have been
coming out now how what has the reaction
been like
that's right we've been hearing uh from
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu that's
called uh this lies and he's also called
it an upside down world where Israel is
being accused of genocide whereas Hamas
is the one that is committing genocide
not just against Israelis on October the
7th but also he said against the Jewish
people and he compared it to the
Holocaust uh this is also a rhetoric
we've heard from the defense minister
yav Galant who was speaking to a camera
from within the Gaza Strip to be precise
from Khan Unis and he said that this is
the most moral army in the world and
that they have made every effort to
separate uh the fighters Hamas fighters
from the civilians and uh to be honest
this looks like this is what Israel's
case is going to be tomorrow this is the
defense they're going to put forward uh
showing evidence it seems this is what
at least Israeli media is talking and
speculating about uh showing that they
had uh been dropping leaflets upon those
in Gaza to evacuate their homes uh
talking about their tactical operations
to ensure that civilians had safe P
Passage through uh those corridors and
that's what they mean when they call it
a moral Army but of course we know that
what we've seen on the ground is very
different now in terms of what the
Israel media has been talking about and
I tell you they've been talking about it
extensively uh today is saying that uh
some of those hardliners in this
coalition government such as the finance
Min Minister rather bzal smotrich as
well as the uh uh national security
minister itamar Ben gav they were both
mentioned as cases that was brought
forward today that we saw in the court
by South Africa they believe the Israeli
media has been talking saying that it's
because of those Hardline um outlandish
comments that have been made against
Palestinians and certainly in terms of
uh Israeli uh resettlements and pushing
out Palestinians out of the Gaza Strip
they believe that this has helped uh
South Africa with its case and that's
why it's been able to take it to the ha
and that's been one of the biggest
concerns uh so far for them is that they
feel also that the world here is
standing against it certainly with this
here in the ha but also uh even though
uh for example the US has been the
biggest Ally of Israel and has in a
visit by US Secretary of Anthony blinkin
call it called it baseless uh it still
doesn't bode well for Israel even though
this is not legally binding but it will
have repercussions moving forward in how
it's seen by the International Community
Sarah thank you very much indeed sakar
talking to us from Tel Aviv well